Update md-app-guard-overview.md (#8786)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-application-guard/md-app-guard-overview.md

|[Configure the Group Policy settings for Microsoft Defender Application Guard](configure-md-app-guard.md) |Provides info about the available Group Policy and MDM settings.|
|[Testing scenarios using Microsoft Defender Application Guard in your business or organization](test-scenarios-md-app-guard.md)|Provides a list of suggested testing scenarios that you can use to test Application Guard in your organization.|
| [Microsoft Defender Application Guard Extension for web browsers](md-app-guard-browser-extension.md) | Describes the Application Guard extension for Chrome and Firefox, including known issues, and a trouble-shooting guide |

> | [Microsoft Defender Application Guard for Microsoft Office](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard) | Describes Application Guard for Microsoft Office, including minimum hardware requirements, configuration and a trouble-shooting guide |

Reviewer: Slightly overzealous completion from my side, just noticed a minor detail:
```suggestion
| [Microsoft Defender Application Guard for Microsoft Office](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard) | Describes Application Guard for Microsoft Office, including minimum hardware requirements, configuration and a troubleshooting guide |
```
(my browser autocorrect did not notice it either)

> | [Microsoft Defender Application Guard Extension for web browsers](md-app-guard-browser-extension.md) | Describes the Application Guard extension for Chrome and Firefox, including known issues, and a trouble-shooting guide |
> | [Microsoft Defender Application Guard for Microsoft Office](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard) | Describes Application Guard for Microsoft Office, including minimum hardware requirements, configuration and a trouble-shooting guide |

Reviewer: Sorry for deleting my previous comment. I just realized that you copied some of the text from the previous entry row, so we may as well correct that one too:
```suggestion
| [Microsoft Defender Application Guard Extension for web browsers](md-app-guard-browser-extension.md) | Describes the Application Guard extension for Chrome and Firefox, including known issues, and a troubleshooting guide |
| [Microsoft Defender Application Guard for Microsoft Office](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard) | Describes Application Guard for Microsoft Office, including minimum hardware requirements, configuration, and a troubleshooting guide |
```
(Yeah, I know, we always find something more when we think it is completed.)

> | [Microsoft Defender Application Guard for Microsoft Office](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard) | Describes Application Guard for Microsoft Office, including mimimum hardware requirements, configuration and a trouble-shooting guide |

Reviewer: Locale detail: this page supports other languages as well and can be linked in a language agnostic form:
```suggestion
| [Microsoft Defender Application Guard for Microsoft Office](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard) | Describes Application Guard for Microsoft Office, including minimum hardware requirements, configuration and a trouble-shooting guide |
```
Also: minor typo (mimimum)
